war is conquering hero of mexico's
various days in the story of his
desperate struggle to free his country
from the yoke of European rule is found
one of history's most amazing chapters
Napoleon the third had taken advantage
of the United States / civil war to
flaunt the Monroe Doctrine and invade
Mexico his soldiers crushed the
untrained armies of the young Republic
laid waste its cities slaughtered the
innocent for even then as now how a mad
dictators were imposing their wills of
on helpless minorities let the world
know that our conquest of Mexico is only
the beginning of the fulfillment of our
holy mission to secure his foot hole in
the American continent and rule Mexico
Napoleon the third sent Archduke
Maximilian von Habsburg of Austria and
his wife colada Carlota who guided his
destiny since we set foot off the ship I
have felt myself surrounded by mystery
as though everything we looked at
possessed some hidden meaning has
touched me to Maxim has made me
apprehensive it had he urged you so much
toward this undertaking and rightly did
Maximilian feel the danger that lay
before him for against him and all the
might of Europe stood Benito Juarez and
his followers we would fight no more
pitch battles with the French we shall
stop fighting as a in his way and make
him fight on the army will be disbanded
officers men were scattered returned to
their own states lie low but keep in
touch with one another until they
receive Oriskany the Republican Army is
an undisciplined rabble poorly armed
without leadership I am no militarist
Marichal let us enter into negotiations
with Juarez immediately negotiations
your Imperial Majesty might as well try
to come to terms with some wild beasts
in the jungle the whip the bullet and
the pain it is the only language he's
kind understand was it you your
ministers who conceived the plan to mask
your infamies behind my husband's
noblemen who tricked him into accepting
the throne by means of a pretended
parasite
answer me sire not another frog not
another man we are through with Mexico
Aspen's life
there is no wild flight of fiction but
the burning realism of history scarlet
pages a picture of great powers plotting
the downfall of weaker nations of a
patriot who like his great friend
Abraham Lincoln will live in your memory
forever when a monarch miss rules he
changes the people when a presidental
miss rules people change him
you